Ha-ha.
Where'd you find that?
You promised you would quit.
Yeah. Yeah. it's not
so easy. you know?
Why are you awake. Charlie?
Bad dream.
Me too.
Do you wanna talk about it?
Put that down. please.
Come on. that's not a toy.
Come on.
What's goin' on. sweetie?
Daddy?
Mmm?
Something feels weird...
In my body.
I think we should go
talk to your mom about this. You know?
Not that thing.
The other thing.
The bad thing.
Something's changing.
You remember your tools.
If you ever get nervous.
if you're ever scared...
You start to lose control.
what do you do?
Flowers.
Clock.
See a... forest.
Bunny.
And sweet Charlie.
The bad thing...
It's been gone a long time.
You're strong. Charlie.
So. you don't have to be afraid.
All right.
Hey. Is everything okay in here?
Yeah. Yeah. Peachy.
I'm really hungry.
Who wants pancakes?
Pancakes?
You want pancakes?
I want pancakes.
No. you don't like pancakes.
Blueberries. what else?
Chocolate?
- Chocolate?
- Yeah.
What else do you want?
Strawberries.
- Coffee.
- Coffee? Black coffee?
- Orangejuice.
- Orange juice. All right.
Thank you so much
for 00min ' in z'oo'a y.
How are you enjoy/77g college so far?
Uh. having fun.
It's busy.
Kind of more work than / z'houghz'.
I'm kinda homes/ck.
I'm just gonna ask you
a few questions here.
Kinda background stufif - okay
Ever used ha/iua'nogenic drugs 7
too scared.
I mean. it's college. man. You know?
How about
your father's blood type?
Do you know
your parents ' blood types?
You know what. / don't.
Fair enough.
Where do your parents live?
They don't. They died when / was ten.
It says here you were raised
in a group home. Is that correct?
Indeed. I was.
from the time that/ was seven.
Numbers are in the threshold.
but let's keep an eye on it.
Turn the camera. and it spikes!
Confirming here too.
Why do you need to know
so much about my parents?
Genetic history
it helps us understand
and evaluate the test results.
Sl/ghtly erratic. but looks okay.
We need to drop his levels to 5 cc 's.
The ad said that this was just
an fda clinical trial.
Half of the people
will be getting injections of water.
and the other half will get water
mixed with a chemical compound
we call "I at six."
A chemical compound?
Like what? What is it?
But half of us are just gonna get
the placebo. n'ght?
Either way it's entirely harmless.
Well. how do you know? I mean.
that's why you're testing it. right?
My next question here is a little weird.
Can you tell me if you've ever had
what you would call
an authentic psychic experience?
I'd rather not talk about that.
Okay. let's make sure
we 're recording her numbers here.
We've confirmed telekinetic activity.
I don't like these questions. man.
Just part of the evaluation.
Let me ask you again.
have you ever experienced
any inexplicable phenomena
that goes against natural law?
I saw my parents die in a car wreck.
I'm sorry to hear that.
But what about that makes it inexplicable?
I saw it a week
before it actually happened.
His readings are erratic!
Turn it 0175
We need to unhook him now/
Turn the camera on?
- Get him out of here.
- / still see it.
Hold him down! Hold him down!
Turn it ofif turn it oh?
Il/ly service guarantees
that for just three sessions.
your nicotine cravings will disappear.
And all we do is talk?
Sounds crazy. right?
It's not.
It's magic.
Okay. I don't know. Mr. McGee.
Well. call me Andy.
Andy. uh. $100 per session...
Yeah. that's a lot for my budget.
Let's just try it. One session.
If you don't walk outta here today
feeling better than you've ever felt.
with those nicotine cravings already
starting to fade. it's on the house.
Now. close your eyes.
Keep 'em closed.
Good.
Now. imagine the Darla
that you wanna be.
Picture her.
Smoke-free.
And a beacon of respiratory health.
Now. look at me in the eyes.
Don't look away.
No matter what.
You feel better
about yourself already. Darla.
Healthier. More positive.
You hate the taste of tobacco.
More positive.
And that stale cigarette smell
makes you wanna puke.
You are done with smoking.
You know...
I... I feel better already.
What?
Wow.
Healthier. more positive.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay. um...
Okay. I have 75.
but I can give you a credit card if you...
No. it's cash only. so that's fine.
I'll just take what you have now.
Oh. Yeah?
- Yeah. I'm sure you're good for the rest.
- I am indeed.
Thank you.
Wild.
Take care.
Ew.
Nice work. goober.
How is it goin' over here. Gavin?
- Weird girl killed ourfrog.
- It was already dead.
Yeah. but now it's extra dead.
It's okay. Charlie.
A quick Google search will show you
all the frog guts you want
dissected perfectly.
We don't even need to
do this anymore.
I don't have Google.
Quiet. class.
I forgot. Sorry.
You ever go to the public library?
You can use the computers there.
Too much screen time can cause
health problems in children.
like insomnia.
I think a little screen time
would be just fine.
Help with your grades too.
Okay. now that we
dissected our frogs.
let's go back to the diagram
and compare it with what we saw.
Hey.
Is it true that amish families
share the same bath water?
'Cause that's weird.
And you're weird.
Notebook. Pencil. Desk.
Shoes.
Paper.
Eraser. Calculator.
Everything okay. Charlie?
Yes. Ms. Gardner.
Charlie.
Is everything okay in here?
I don't wanna go to school.
We just want you
to have a normal life.
I want stupid Wi-Fi.
That's normal.
That stuff rots your brains.
Do you really believe that?
Mm-hmm.
Plus. it's expensive. you know?
Monthly bills. smartphones.
We just. you know.
we can't afford it right now.
Sorry.
It happened again.
The bad thing.
This boy made fun of me.
He called me weird.
You're not weird.
I'm worse.
No. No.
You're special.
I knew it
the day that you were born.
You were warm and toasty.
like a buttery muffin.
Are you scared of me?
I could never be scared of you.
Come here.
Three years.
We got... we got too comfortable.
I just don't get it.
Like. why now?
What's the trigger? She's not in puberty.
Is she?
Oh. god.
It really scared her when it happened.
- Maybe she needs to be scared.
- She needs to be trained.
- Oh. my god.
- Our responsibility is getting her ready.
Making her strong in case they come.
Our responsibility is to protect her.
Training her is protecting her.
Says the one who hates her power so much.
she won't even use it.
We... it's different for us.
We know what it's like...
Be normal?
But when you're born this way...
She's not a robot. She's a little girl.
With little girl feelings and emotions.
which are wildly unpredictable.
It's too dangerous.
She just has to shove it down
and keep it hidden.
She did it before.
She can do it again.
Loser.
Let's go.
You okay. Charlie?
Weirdo.
Yeah. run away. you freak.
Charlie?
What the...
Please. Charlie?
Whatever's going on...
Charlie?
Please leave. Please.
Holy shit.
- won't happen again.
- How can you be so sure?
Does Charlie have a history
of destructive behavior?
No. of course not.
She's been less than
forthcoming about how she did it.
What she used
to cause the explosion.
Please don't call it an explosion.
It makes her sound like a terrorist.
The bathroom stall exploded. ma'am.
What would you like us to call it?
Regardless. the police want to
investigate the matter further.
That blast was like a siren call.
I know you don't wanna hear this.
but none of this would've happened
if she knew how to use it.
Jesus. Look at my eyes.
Every time I try to do it.
I-i-it chips away at me now.
I can't do the push
without my eyes literally bleeding now.
Why didn't you tell me?
Come on.
That doesn't mean
it will happen to Charlie.
That's not a risk I'm willing to take.
I don't have your power. Okay?
I can't push her if she loses control.
Well. I would never push my own kid.
Our cover is blown. okay?
If they catch her.
they're gonna lock her away.
They're gonna run tests on her
for the rest of her life.
They're gonna take her.
they're gonna put her in a cage.
We'll never see her again. vick.
Who knows
what's gonna happen to her?
If who catches me?
You're supposed to be
in your room. Charlie.
You were yelling.
Charlie. I need you to go to your room
right now. and pack a bag.
- We're leaving in the morning.
- Sweetie. do you think...
Are we bad people. Charlie?
Mm-mmm.
Do you know why
we have to move all the time?
Mmm?
Because of your work.
But also because bad men are after us.
Really bad.
Because of the special things
that we can do. The pushing and the fire.
And if they catch us.
they're gonna put us in jail.
It's why we can't have cell phones
or Wi-Fi.
Because they can track it.
I'm sorry we lied to you.
But I ran to the bathroom
so I wouldn't hurt anyone.
That was the right thing to do. Charlie.
That was... that was right.
I tried to throw it in the water.
but it didn't work.
And now we're in trouble and we're
going to jail. and it's all my fault!
Okay. you gotta stay calm.
- Calm down. Charlie.
- Just stay calm. sweetie.
- You're okay.
- I'm not okay. Stop saying that.
And I'm not special.
- I'm a monster!
- You are not a monster.
You need to calm down.
- You're not a monster.
- I'm a monster.
I'm a monster!
Charlie.
I hate living like this!
Tough luck. Charlie.
This is who you are!
Please. Andy. Stop.
You made me this way.
- Charlie. please!
- I hate who I am. and I hate you!
Charlie!
Oh. god. Oh. god.
Jesus Christ.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Charlie. Charlie. no. Charlie. no.
- Charlie.
- Charlie. no. I'm gonna be okay.
Shh. Shh.
She's okay.
- 977. what is your emergency?
- See? She's fine.
- Come on. Please.
- Hello?
- I'm okay.
Are you there?
Okay. It's okay. It's all right.
It's okay. It's all right.
Is this rainbird?
Yes.
This is captain Jane Hollister. dsi.
I'm reactivating you. rainbird.
If that would be of interest.
Of course it's still the cleaning up
other people's shit. just not literally.
I left that life.
Yeah.
and how's that workin ' out for ya?
I know what happened.
The shop used you up
and threw you out like unwanted trash.
And that wasn't right.
But that was the old guard. I'm the new.
Something's happened. rainbird.
and I need it handled with discretion.
I understand that was your specialty.
What is the target?
Something for which
you are uniquely qualified.
But unlike the others.
I need this quarry back alive.
Is that something you can handle?
Good job. Good job.
Ooh.
There we go.
You okay?
Ow. ow. ow.
A little more.
Vick. this is bad.
Ah. fuck.
Almost done.
That's it.
You could've pushed her.
We have no idea what's happening
when I'm going into those people's minds.
moving things around.
Why would you want me to do that
to Charlie?
- What if I mess her up?
- And if she kills one of us?
Don't fucking go there.
Andy.
This is what happens
when you stuff it down.
It doesn't go away.
Can you take her to the movies
or something? Please?
Ice cream or something?
- Just get some rest. okay?
- Okay.
Vicky McGee?
I'm just following up on an emergency call
from earlier tonight.
Oh. Yeah. It was a grease fire.
On the stove.
My daughter overreacted.
If you or your daughter need help...
It's nothing like that.
Honestly.
If you're sure about that.
you have a good night. then.
Oh. Charlie.
Where did they go?
Your husband and the girl.
Ice cream. Ll/lovies.
Ice cream... or the movies?
Did you think you were unique?
Before they tested their poison
on pretty. young coeds.
they had to use the lab rats.
And you're out of practice.
How could you work for them?
Help them after what they did to you?
Come peacefully. and you'll live.
I will die before I let them have her.
Your life to them is a secondary concern.
And yours?
When you see her.
you'll understand.
And you will regret.
Do you think she'll forgive me?
Well. she's your mom.
She'll always forgive you.
No matter what.
It was supposed to be you.
What?
I feel weird.
Too much rocky road.
She's probably asleep.
I'm gonna check on her. okay?
Here. take that to the trash.
And then throw on your pj's. all right?
Surrender.
- Charlie?
- Daddy.
No one gets hurt.
Let her go.
You know what it costs. don't you?
To hurt someone.
To take a life.
Would you ask that of your own child?
Do you feel that?
Let her go. or it's gonna get a lot worse.
Where's mommy?
She has no aim without sight
if she's like the rest of us.
Where's my wife?
Where's mommy?
I don't know. sweetheart.
Yes. you do.
Where's mommy? Tell me now!
Run. Run. Charlie!
- Run!
- Mommy!
Come on. We have to get somewhere safe.
Doctor wanless.
you have a guest.
Good morning. Joseph.
I brought you something.
Your favorite colors too.
I'm captain Hollister.
newly appointed. dsi.
Why are you here? Mmm?
Captain?
I made calls to your predecessor.
They went unanswered.
But now.
they stuff a new face
into the same old suit.
and that face just comes...
Knocking on my door!
With all due respect. doctor.
captain McConnell doesn't have
the legs for this outfit.
Completely oblivious
to the dire nature
of the situation we've created.
We found them.
Joseph“.
Shall we talk?
When you see her.
you'll understand
and you will regret.
I miss you. mom. I'll get him.
Let's see.
Yeah.
Oh. Hi! Hi. kitty. kitty.
Hi.
Come here. kitty. kitty.
Come here. It's okay.
Don't run away. Come on.
It's okay. I'm nice.
I won't hurt you.
Ah.
Charlie?
He scratched me.
Honey. he's in pain.
You have to put him
out of his misery. all right?
I really didn't mean to.
I know you didn't. I know.
This is what it costs. though.
'Cause it can't be a reaction like that.
It's gotta be...
A decision.
That's the only way you can control it.
You can do it.
Good job.
I want to help her.
You want to use her.
The girl. she can't help what she is.
The poor thing. she's been
brain-fucked from birth.
This is a chance
to turn a past failure
into present success.
I want you to come back to work.
doctor wanless.
How hard must it have been for them?
The parents.
when the girl was born?
The bottle is late.
The baby cries.
And a Teddy bear
bursts into flames.
Right there.
In the crib. beside her.
Can you imagine their fear?
And it's awful. that's really...
What's your point?
The girl's power is in its infancy.
Terrible. yes.
but trivial compared to what's coming.
But she's growing.
our little girl.
She is becoming a young woman.
And someday soon.
the power will grow too.
Perhaps it already has.
And then. one day.
she may be capable...
Of creating a nuclear explosion
simply with the force of her mind.
Doctor. we built a facility
especially for people like Charlie.
We can teach her.
We can train her.
You can exploit her.
Don't you lecture me
on morality.
You developed lot six.
You gave it to those kids.
And it was a mistake!
Well. that's too fuckin' bad!
It's done!
Jesus fuck...
We're not gonna clone her.
We're not gonna make
a little army of Charlies.
We just... we...
We want to understand her.
She's the first of her kind.
And no one understands her
better than you.
The man who made the serum.
You're the father of it all.
What do you say?
There are none so blind
as those who will not see.
What?
Heed my words...
Very carefully.
Terminate the girl.
Or one day.
she will destroy us all.
Do you hear me?
Terminate her.
I hoped this would've gone better.
That's good.
Can we pray?
Yeah. Sure. we can pray.
All right.
Dear god...
Please let this...
Cat be happy...
In cat heaven.
And. um. just. you know.
make sure that... that he. uh...
Orshe“.
Or they...
It's like a big cat party
in cat heaven.
And bless mommy too.
Yeah. and bless mommy too.
You know what mom wanted you to learn
more than anything in the world?
She wanted you to learn
how to use your power.
Because it's incredible.
And I bet if you have her powers. you...
You probably have mine too.
- The push?
- Yep.
It's serious stuff. Charlie.
That's why mom wanted to teach you.
To help you understand how to use it.
If you do it too much.
it'll really hurt you.
But I don't feel the heat when it happens.
It hurts you on the inside. I mean.
Actually.
it feels kinda good.
Why can't we drive our own car?
Because they're looking for us.
They won't really put us in jail.
Not you.
They'll study you.
Like the frog.
Yeah.
Yeah. like the frog.
Here's one.
Oh. come on. please. Yes!
Okay.
Do you really think this is safe?
Right now. I think
we have to get off this road.
Come on. We'll be smart.
Be clever. Let's go.
Oh. man. I didn't think anyone
was gonna stop.
There's a lotta weirdos
around these parts.
You one of 'em?
No. no. no. We're very normal.
Tell the nice man your name.
sweetheart.
I'm Roberta.
but they call me Bobbi.
Yeah. we're headed up to Boston.
My car broke down a ways back.
- Boston is a hell of a walk from here.
- Yeah. I know.
We really gotta get there.
Is there any chance you can take us?
To Boston?
I'll cover your gas.
I got things to do.
I gotta check up on my wife.
What about 100 bucks?
100 bucks.
Well. I'm not above a Benjamin.
Climb in.
Hey. it's lunchtime.
The wife and I usually put out
a little sandwich spread about now.
Why don't you come to the house
and fuel up for a bit?
I don't know. we've...
My wife's waiting.
But Bobbi needs to eat.
Comin' up.
Come on in.
Let's get some food in your bellies.
Would it be okay
if I played with your chickens?
Just watch out for the turds.
- Yeah. sure. Stay close. all right?
- Yep.
Try not to cook any of them.
Essi! We're home.
Got some guests
for supper. essi.
Little Bobbi and her dad...
- I don't think I caught your name.
- Frank.
Bobbi and frank.
Cold beer?
Yeah. sure. Why not?
Thank you.
So. what do you do. frank?
To keep the lights on?
- I'm a life coach.
- No shit?
Like Tony Robbins on TV?
No. No. not really like that. but...
I saw that documentary
on Netflix.
Ol' Tony cusses like a son of a bitch.
but folks seem to like him.
People will give you their life savings
just to tell 'em they're special.
- Life coach?
- Yeah.
Man!
The whole world's gone to hell.
Hello?
Is anyone in there?
What's your name?
Essi.
Hi. essi.
I'm Charlie.
I'm here with my dad.
How did you...
Don't go disturbin' essi.
She needs quiet!
Hey. we're really sorry.
You've been more than kind.
Come on.
We should probably get going.
Where you headed?
And how you gettin' there?
I don't know.
Hey. look. I... I overreact sometimes.
Especially with the missus.
I apologize.
Oh. how rude of me.
Come on.
Essi. this is frank.
And I guess you already met Roberta.
She was makin' a left turn out on route 14
and some a-hole ran a light.
She never saw it coming.
I'm so sorry.
We lost our boy that day too.
But essi's still alive.
and for that. I'm more than grateful.
You can stay here till you go.
We'd enjoy the company.
Will they find us?
You let me worry about that.
The most important thing we can do
is just keep running.
If they do. I can hurt them.
I'll only hurt bad people. I promise.
The day you were born.
Do you remember that story?
Mommy said I was a buttery muffin.
Oh. my gosh. You were.
You were just a little buttery muffin.
There's more to that story.
It was so cute how warm you were.
But pretty soon.
your body temperature just went...
It shot off the charts.
And the doctors. they were all...
They were all confused.
They were...
They didn't know what could cause this.
So. we stayed up
with you all night.
All day.
I could barely keep my eyes open.
I was fallin' asleep everywhere.
And that's when they took you.
I used to get these premonitions.
This really weird. weird feeling.
Like how I did at the house?
Mm-hmm.
I could sense...
Where you were. I could see you.
And I found you.
What did you do?
I was so angry at what they had done.
Isnapped.
When your partner comes back.
you're gonna shoot him in the chest.
And then you're gonna forget
how to breathe.
And I hurt those men.
And those guys. they probably had wives.
Kids
that they loved.
Just like I love you.
And I do. Charlie.
I love you so much.
But when you hurt people.
you don't just hurt them.
It hurts everyone around 'em.
You don't come back from that.
Not ever.
Okay. promise me that you'll never
use your gifts to hurt people.
Promise?
Promise.
Now. sleep.
Get some sleep. all right?
Come here.
Love you.
A uthorit/es say
35-year-old Aaron Jeffery Cooper
"is operating under the
alias '94ndy ll/lcgee."
He has been wanted
ever since being linked
to the killing
of two federal agents in 2073.
Police say he had been living in lewiston
with his wife and daughter.
and ask the public
if they come in contact with Cooper.
to contact the police immediately.
We 'i/ have the full deta/ls on this story
and more on our next news update.
Police are on the lookout
for a Massachusetts fugitive
now suspected of killing his wife and
kidnapping their 77 - year-old daughter.
A uthorit/es say
35-year-old Aaron jefi'ery Cooper
"is operating under the
alias 'Andy ll/lcgee."
He has been wanted
ever since being linked
to the killing
of two federal agents in 2073.
Police say he had been living in lewiston
with his wife and daughter.
and asked the public
if they come r'n contact with Cooper.
to contact the police...
Hey. Irv.
It's not true.
I didn't kill my wife.
You know I didn't kidnap
my daughter either.
I don't know shit.
You been up all night. Irv?
Coming in my house.
eatin' my food. drink my beer.
and all the time.
you a goddamn wife killer!
I didn't kill her.
Does my daughter seem upset with me
in any way? Does she seem scared of me?
I'm trying to protect her.
I'm trying to protect her from them.
You telling me I can't trust the TV?
Shocker. I know.
Irv. come on. man.
I know what happened.
What are you talkin' about?
You were driving that day.
and you were arguing.
It got out of control.
and you hit a car head-on.
That's how she got hurt.
That's how Justin died.
Essi told me.
"Told" you?
That's why they're after us.
But there's something else.
Something she's been wanting
to tell you for 30 years.
She forgives you.
You've hated yourself all this time.
But it was an accident.
And she forgives you.
What is that?
I called them.
The police.
When I saw the news.
Oh. my god.
Like I said. I overreact sometimes.
You two hide.
I'll take care of this.
What are you talkin' about. Irv?
You're drunk.
Ought to make this interesting then.
Aaron Jeffery Cooper!
- Surrender.
- Hide in there.
- The girl inside...
- Go.
- Go. go.
- Hands on top of your head!
Come on out now.
Mr. Cooper!
Hey. I'm sorry. Wendell. I was mistaken.
I thought I saw the man and the girl.
but I was wrong.
You sounded pretty convinced
on the phone. Irv.
You know. just last month.
I saw this documentary on TV about. uh...
Uh. I... I... I can't
recall the exact name.
but it was somethin' like
"walkin' dreamin'."
There was this guy on there.
dreamt he swallowed a cockroach.
and he jumped up
and made himself puke.
It's all right.
No. Charlie. Charlie.
Hey. stay with me. stay with me.
stay with me.
Just breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. That's right.
I feel something.
What?
Someone's here.
You sayin' you called us out
on account of a dream?
A pretty convincing one too. uh...
Ah. the news was on. I...
I drifted off and...
And I'm drunk.
Wanna know what I think?
Not particularly.
I think we're here. and this man. Cooper.
he's considerably dangerous.
So even if you were just dreamin' it. Irv.
we'd like to search your...
shit. shit. Officer down!
- We need backup. now! Now!
- I see him!
The tree line!
Breathe. okay?
- He killed mommy.
- Just wait. Charlie.
No. Charlie!
Charlie! Charlie! No!
I'm so sorry.
Charlie.
Remember what I taught you?
- Keep running.
- Yeah.
I love you. daddy.
I love you too. sweetheart.
Now. run. Run!
Very clever.
Gotcha.
They will never stop until they have her.
You'll never catch her.
Lenses in. Lenses in!
Containment team
has arrived on site.
Beginning perimeter search now.
Subject's down.
Everybody's down.
Except him.
On your knees! Move in.
Move!
Careful. He's dangerous.
Gimme your gun.
No dice. freak. We've got protection.
Any sign of her?
Negative.
We 're checkin' the other structures.
We found the owners inside.
You lost her. rainbird.
You left a trail of dead cops
in your wake.
You call that discretion?
You have the father.
So. she's just gonna what?
She's gonna feel her way here?
They are connected. She will come for him.
Retirement has made you sloppy and soft.
Is that why you blindfold me?
I don't need to see your eyes
to feel your fear.
You don't know what I feel.
She will come for him.
as she will come for us all.
She is my sister.
My mother.
Well. you killed her mother.
She will be your death.
A fate which I deserve.
When you see her.
you will understand.
Where are you. daddy?
Tell me.
Rise and shine. Mr. McGee.
Or is it Mr. Burton?
Mr. Rozelle?
No more pseudonyms. Cooper.
No more running.
It's just you and me now.
Wake up.
Rainbird.
the man who killed your poor wife.
he believes that you and your daughter.
you have
some kind of a spiritual connection.
Telepathy.
Lot six is full of surprises.
Tell me where she is.
Charlie is out there all alone.
Without you.
her emotions will get the best of her.
What happens
when she gets upset.
she gets scared?
She is going to blow
some poor bastard to smithereens.
She's gonna be killin' people.
How's she going to live with that?
Bring her here.
What other choice do you have?
Charlie! Charlie! Charlie!
Daddy?
I'm coming. daddy.
I'll find you.
- What happened to your clothes?
- What happened to your face?
Don't you ever bathe. weirdo?
I'd like your bike.
Please.
What the hell are you doing. Dale?
Which way is the coast?
The coast. dummies. Where the water is.
Let me know
what the final numbers are.
All right. will do.
I mean. how's the nausea today?
Sorry. babe.
I mean.
first trimester's almost over. right?
The light at the end of the tunnel.
Yeah.
All right. I'll see you when I get home.
Love you. Bye.
It's you.
Take your hand off the key.
Give me your phone.
And the card.
Do you have a gun.
agent Jules?
No. I-I'm just a tech.
They don't let us carry guns.
This says you're an agent.
We're all agents. It's just a title.
Is my father inside?
- I don't know.
- Is he?
I don't know. I swear. okay?
I don't have that kinda clearance.
- I don't wanna hurt you. sir.
- Please. why are you doing this?
Is my father inside?
I don't know! Okay?
Stop. Please.
If he's here. he'll be at the bottom.
Who else is in there?
Computer techs. scientists.
that kind of thing.
No long-haired men?
Answer me!
Please. just... okay. just stay calm.
- We can work something out.
- Tell me!
You said you didn't have a gun.
I don't wanna hurt anyone. I promised.
He's in pain. Charlie.
You have to put him out of his misery.
This is what it costs.
What's goin' on?
Ah. shit.
We got a disturbance in the east lot.
All units stand by.
She's inside the building.
Clearing her path
to the restricted level now.
What the...
Ah. come on. come on. come on.
Daddy.
She's on the restricted level
come on.
She's headed your way ll/laintain.
Asset moving down hallway 72.
Passing her ofi' to beta team.
We've got her.
Target visual acquired.
Securing hallways and doors behind her.
She's all yours. cap.
Daddy!
Daddy. wake up!
Daddy. wake up.
Charlie?
Wh... why... why are you here?
I came. I got your message.
That wasn't me. Charlie.
I would never bring you here.
That wasn't me.
But I can get you out.
No. No. Charlie.
There's no getting out.
- There's no getting out for me.
- Charlie.
It wasn't supposed to be this way.
It wasn't supposed to be
this difficult.
Stay calm. dear.
If you try to burn me.
you'll burn your daddy too.
My name's captain Hollister.
but you can call me cap.
I run this facility.
You can trust me. Charlie.
You'll be safe here. You'll be protected.
We'll take really good care of you
and your father.
My dad needs a doctor.
They've seen him already. Charlie.
Micro-hemorrhages.
His brain bleeds when he uses his power.
The same thing could happen to you too.
Charlie. but we can teach you.
- It's what your mother wanted.
- No.
Call a doctor right now
or I'll hurt myself.
Don't do it. Charlie. Don't do it.
Call a doctor right now.
Do it!
You're a very determined young lady.
Use it wisely.
It'll take you far in this life.
I should know.
You do bad things here. I can feel it.
No. we do great things.
We make things better here.
We make people better.
We make them stronger. People like you.
Haven't you realized?
You are a real-life superhero.
Daddy.
You're very special.
The world out there.
they don't know how to handle your power.
Here we can handle it.
Because we made you.
Look at your father.
They say if he does one more push.
it might kill him.
You need us.
I don't wanna hurt anyone.
I know you don't. honey. I know.
But we can't run anymore.
I need you to break your promise.
Daddy.
You have to burn it down.
Starting with us.
Daddy. what are you...
I'm sorry to make you do this.
Burn it all down. It's the only way.
Easy. Easy.
Burn me. you burn him too.
Shit.
Cap's down.
We got a fire in the restricted area.
Call in the containment team.
evacuate all non-military stafif
Evacuate all non-military stafif
- Stop there.
- It's over.
Surrender!
Please. please.
I don't wanna hurt you.
H can help you.
My name's Gail.
I can lead you out of here to safety.
Mmm?
Just come with me.
Please.
Please. Please. No. no. Please. please.
Liar. liar. pants on fire.
We got her.
It's okay. Charlie.